[ADD] jsonifier: with_fieldname option (#2668)
OCA/server-tools: jsonifier/readme/USAGE.rst

with_fieldname parameter
==========================

> The with_fieldname option of jjsonify() method, hen true,  will inject on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The with_fieldname option of jsonify() method, when true, will inject on
```

the same level of the data fieldname_$field keys that will

> give us the field name , in current user language of the field itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contain the field name, in the language of the current user.
```

This will add keys for translated front-end labels, without disrupting the access

> to existing code.

Reviewer: I would remove this sentence, it's self explanatory.
